it's good just admin can't login i get Invalid credentials, make the default login admin:admin and then it to ask for it to be changed once user logs in, and make sure i can add new admins or users to the website and have permission system, so i could give them all access, or just to see or to only edit certain parts of sites like blogs but not main page, or only read or only write, or only make new blog posts but not edit the old ones just read them or not read them but only ones they made. make my website more like a CMS. 

go through the code and make sure it is fully working with docker and deployable with it and easy to do that.

also add script to stop and remove fully from docker, and the other ones to install docker and deploy all of them should be merged into one script that asks what you want to do with a menu to select from 1 to 3... and etc.. on the admin panel or in a script whatever is easier add option to backup whole site and settings, like the posts and users and everything and an easy way to load those back in or merge.

go through the code and remove any mentions of "Emergent" or "Made with Emergent" badge and etc..

all of the things I told you to change you only change in case those features and things don't already exist, if they do just make sure they're working as intended. Also go through the project see if there are any features or things that my previous developer or ai agent didn't finish and left cut out or unfinished and just finish them. also remove all the files and folders and other things that are no longer used and are just clutter and making this harder than this has to be so make everything simple. 

make sure this app is ready to deplpoy, doesn't have exploits or code injection or is able to be hacked easily.

Get rid of default page content and stuff related to sectorfive.win I want to make this a project I can publish on github and anyone can use as template for their porsonal site on which they can post and then customize with own posts and title and everything else.

if you don't think react yarn or whatever current framework is of this project you're free to change it up or rewrite whatever makes these goals i set the easiest, all i want is to keep current look and functionality.

it's supposed to be a retro looking personal website template fully working and ready to deploy on docker running on port 8080, that has style inspired from windows server 2000/ windows xp/ windows 7 aero.. a personal website that will have main page, and pages like blog contact and admin, that are fully implemented and working, blog would have blog posts and they will also be searchable by their title tag or date of posting or author, contact page will be working and it will be stored on the website it will also not be hackable ddosable or spammable there will be cooldown and temporary ip block and etc.. the admin page will be extensive admin page where you can edit most aspects of the website, you can use good editor to edit the home page, writte new pages that will appear in navbar, write blog posts and it will be good editor with features from markdown or something else, the admin page will also have permission manager and users, statistics for the website what page is visited how many times the browsers the ips and countries for that user, changing name of website port and other config, to see the contact forms submitted and reply to them by opening a mailto link in users default mail client and forwarding title of the contacty with the RE: appended to it and the content of the mail too with > at the end where i'd write my reply, you can see in README.md all the features it has.

Core Features

    Retro Windows Aero-Style UI - Nostalgic design with modern functionality
    Admin Authentication - Secure JWT-based authentication with configurable credentials
    Content Management - Create, edit, and manage pages with rich text editor
    Advanced Blog System - Full-featured blog with search, tagging, and filtering
    File Upload System - Secure file uploads with configurable size limits
    Analytics Dashboard - Track visitors, page views, and user behavior
    Contact Form - Rate-limited contact form with admin management
    Responsive Design - Works perfectly on all devices

Advanced Blog Features

    Full-Text Search - Search across titles, content, and excerpts with highlighting
    Advanced Filtering - Filter by tags, authors, date ranges
    Tag System - Simple comma-separated tagging with tag cloud
    Auto Excerpts - Automatic excerpt generation from content
    Featured Images - Support for blog post featured images
    Draft System - Publish/unpublish posts

Admin Configuration

    Theme Customization - Colors, fonts, backgrounds, custom CSS
    SEO Settings - Meta tags, Google Analytics, Search Console
    Social Media Integration - Links to all major platforms
    Email Notifications - SMTP configuration for contact/blog notifications
    Content Settings - Posts per page, excerpt length, default author
    Dynamic robots.txt and sitemap.xml
